the United Nations says that hospitals
and other services in Gaza which is
under an Israeli blockade are running
out of fuel and that its Aid agency
there may have to stop working tonight
if it doesn't get a fresh Supply but
Israel has accused Hamas designated as a
terror group by the UK government of
stockpiling hundreds of thousands of
liters Israel has allowed limited
supplies of food water and Medicine in
but Charities say that vast amounts more
are needed
and all of this takes place amid a
bitter diplomatic grow between Israel
and the UN our first report tonight is
from our special correspondent fergal
Keen who is in Jerusalem and has been
working with teams on the ground in Gaza
and a warning that his report contains
some distressing
images each climbing Cloud a marker of
Destruction Relentless air
strikes thousands of bombs
dropped Hamas started this war Israel
responds with devastating
force it is a story of stunned
aftermath and desperate
searching the man was away from his home
when the bomb
fell he speaks to his lost loved ones
wish we' stayed with
you and then a child who
survived they're all gone he tells
her BBC cameras in Gaza captured Medics
collecting the
wounded the man shouts Nasser his head
is open speaking of the child in his
arms
Mahmud badawi Daily Faces The Killing
inflicted from the skies but there isn't
time to stop much less show his
feelings from one scene of
Carnage to
another there are the survivors to care
for there are many hard situations as an
ambulance driver you get a to what's
happening whether it's hands heads or
bodies that are
cut in many families now there's the
need to familiarize their children with
The Morbid practicalities of life in a
war
zone I have seen buddies blown apart you
can't identify anyone so in case
anything happened and they were blown up
I would know them from this bracelet and
I can collect their bodies it is not
knowledge any parent wants to
impart in gaza's hospitals there are
acute
shortages struggling to keep Services
going as fuel supplies dwindle
12-year-old Ahmed barahim suffers from
kidney failure and he's
[Music]
exhausted
sometimes in the heart of it all there's
good
news she's okay but she's scared they
call
out her father is being freed from the
rubble first the names then the medic's
reassurance they're all out I
swear the emergency workers like Mahmud
are
overstretched exhausted knowing that
however much they do in Gaza now it
cannot be enough fergal BBC News
Jerusalem well the Hamas run Health
Ministry in Gaza now says almost 6 and a
half thousand people have been killed
since the start of the conflict the
BBC's Gaza correspondent Rashi Abu Alo
has remained working there despite the
condition
he's in carun in southern Gaza and
earlier this evening he described the
situation there yeah tonight there was
Heavy bombardment around this hospital
this is Nas Hospital inhan units is the
hospital that is the only Medical Center
that's serving half of the population
now and it's in the edge of catastrophic
as the Director of the hospital just
told me that they have shut most of the
operations and only the operation room
and the life
saving place and facilities are working
they are struggling to cope with the
situation with the shortage of fuel no
fuel coming to this hospital for for for
about 20 days just about half an hour
ago air strike this direction about 200
M from the hospital destroy the through
story building about 50 people in one go
they rush to this Hospital imagine
doctors have to deal with 50 casualties
in one go and some of them were dead
some of them were severely when severely
injured so I was to this operation room
and I saw how they are struggling to
cope with the situation and no guarantee
for how long they can keep doing this
without without supplies and
fuel a correspondent in Gaza there Rashi
Abu aloof there's also been a blistering
R between Israel and the UN over
comments by its Chief Antonio gutterz
that the attacks by Hamas on October the
7th did not happen happen in a vacuum
Israel reacted with Fury saying it would
deny visas to top un officials and
calling on Mr guas to resign he spoke
today of being
misrepresented I spoke of the Grievances
of the Palestinian
people and in doing so I also clearly
stated and I quote that the Grievances
of the Palestinian people cannot justify
the appalling attacks by amas end
quote and this evening Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu made another
public address to the nation insisting a
ground Invasion will
happen we are reigning Hellfire on Hamas
we have already killed thousands of
terrorists and this is only the
beginning simultaneously we are
preparing for a ground Invasion I will
not elaborate on when how or how
many we can speak now to our
International editor Jer jemy boen who
is in southern Israel for us and Jeremy
what should we read into the timing of
this statement by Mr Netanyahu why say
this
now first and foremost I think it was
aimed at a domestic audience as you've
just seen it was in Israeli Prime Time
and he was speaking in Hebrew uh I think
that he was trying to reassert to people
that he's in control the one
if you like new thing sort of new thing
in it was the fact that he did say there
would be a ground Invasion because there
have been many delays people expected it
to have happened or started already uh
some people are even saying that Mr
Netanyahu is hesitant he has a
reputation for that and that he might
not even go through with it well he said
he's going to go through it through with
it and he used very strong language and
strong language as well at the United
Nations
uh the uh Israeli Ambassador there
condemned what the Secretary General was
saying and he didn't accept the clip
that the sentiment in the clip that you
played there that he said that he was
misrepresented that the uh the Israelis
effectively only took part of his
statement and criticized that and not
the other part of it and having read the
whole thing I think I tend to agree with
the Secretary General just looking at
that I think right now the Israelis do
not want any criticism and they've been
getting it from the UN not just from the
secretary Secretary General but from un
agencies and it's something they don't
want because their message is they are
respecting international law and the UN
is basically saying that they're not and
at a time when they are aware that the
legitimacy of what they're doing is
increasingly being questioned I think
that this means that they're going to
continue pushing back very hard one more
thing since Mr nety who's spoke there's
been an awful lot of shell noise coming
from Gaza which is about there's another
one there I could I don't if the
microphone picked it up which is about
10 kilm in that way it's really being
hammered tonight and it started
artillery and air strikes just about the
time that Mr nety was speaking